
* * *

So, this will be a short one Dad... uh, something to remember me by if things go South; if I don't make it out of the Temple today. I've tried to be optimistic about all this, but I - I just can't. I think spending all this time in Connor's memories has made me anxious. Mean his story is a painful in so many ways. Still he never lost hope, even when his faith in others eroded. I can only believe that we are doing is the right thing , that I can stop this disaster... I know this... I mean the technology is there, waiting for us to use it. I'm the final piece of the puzzle. Something in my genes, or my memories, some final piece of code to switch the whole thing on... that's why I'm here. That's why  they've brought me here. Only, um... I - I don't know what I'll have to give up in return. My sanity? My life? It's impossible to say. I do know this... our battle with the Templars will not be over. Whatever is inside that Temple is not an ending. It's just another chapter in this - this endless story. And it'll be your job... and mom's, and - and Shaun's and Rebecca's, to keep turning the pages. You know I - I keep thinking about something Orson Welles once said... something like, if you... if you want a happy ending, it all depends on where you stop telling you story. So maybe... maybe that's the answer. Maybe that's how people keep marching forward. If something goes wrong in there, Dad... something happens to ME... when you tell my story years from now... please tell them the one about how I lost my way, and then I found it again, just in time to save the world. And - and - just... end it there. That will keep them everyone smiling. Goodbye Dad. Say hello to Mom. Tell her I love her, okay? Tell her I - I love you both... I love you both.
